 If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. Please wait outside of the house. She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us. I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was. Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year. She was too short to see over the fence. The lake is a long way from here. Sixty-Four comes asking for bread. It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet. We have a lot of rain in June. The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling. Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard. If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you? The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other. Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here? The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive. Mary plays the piano. The old apple revels in its authority. This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels. Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy. She folded her handkerchief neatly. Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt. There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable. The shooter says goodbye to his love. I am never at home on Sundays. Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them. If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat? They got there early, and they got really good seats. The river stole the gods. I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks. He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway. I hear that Nancy is very pretty. The stranger officiates the meal. She always speaks to him in a loud voice. The book is in front of the table. Christmas is coming. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. I checked to make sure that he was still alive. Where do random thoughts come from? She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do. Two seats were vacant. Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind. She advised him to come back at once. A glittering gem is not enough. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight. Is it free? He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker. I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough. This is a Japanese doll. Wow, does that work? Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either. Rock music approaches at high velocity. A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them. How was the math test? Tom got a small piece of pie. He told us a very exciting adventure story. I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated. Abstraction is often one floor above you. She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it. She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it. I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches. What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!? The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics. Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived. She did her best to help him.
